Hello dear friends, swami
marakasi you are watching the transfer of fun and
bugs part 21
The first bug occurred with the turtle remained
on 1 on the flank start attacking her
Opponents are first tucked behind 40
Four then goes from 7 to ram and
it would seem a hopeless situation but here
happening tank of 40 foursome cm
such a funny bug is destroyed
who helped the poor little turtle
live longer in this fight
but the truth is it did not save her anyway
and 7 and saw the arrogant opponent of the object
140 who took the sly position from here
does damage to everyone and here our hero decides
push him on the very bottom and he
it turns out to do it fight and stitch in
next time we will think before
go further here we go very
an unusual bakar we tread it
right on the roof of your ally 121
and it looks like it’s just epic you
just look at this huge hulk
Do not overwhelmed the poor Chinese 121 and this
of course it is very funny I do not understand why
it happened the first time I see such a bug
I think he is very funny it
after all, the Chinese could leave Machs
but a little bit still shot but I
even thought this machine of his crush
by the way another one happened in this fight
funny moment for some reason
auf e100 lost his way and began to kill his
arta
probably more than once she his vanshoti he
I thought that all the fault in her need
destroy all arta but judging by its efficiency
true
art has nothing to do with it
the next moment I would like to show
you the epic battle world of
tanks play the best skill
world players so 1 at once against two
the enemy is smearing
our hero has a chance to destroy him
now he turns and tries
pull out but smear bad luck opponent
shoots too misses how well
here is still appreciated sweat saunas but she is not
hits want a long goal with probably
enemies just can't hit our
hero because he has a skill
dodge like in the matrix it's you all
see in normal mode he has everything in there
slow motion so it's easy
dodging shells
still a multi-year skill and endurance
all this makes itself known and our hero
while the enemy is still alive he is leaving
lies down to a meter because our hero
left on time he destroys the enemy right
as a terminator
and then signed it smears again she doesn't
can get on our hero and he
destroys we go krasava dragged along
ass rides with all its speed down
from the descent and in sees the enemy of course
he doesn't stop flying right on
he jumps on a hummock and right
before the enemy flies just like
batman you just look in
slow motion repetition like this is all epic
It looks like you need
defiantly attacking enemies so they are shocked
were the player on site 140 decides about
rashit on the edge of the shore to the enemy
territory but he gets knocked out and he
goes straight to the water but he doesn't
alone in his grief to him
joins the t-54 which also decides
to try
warm or vodichka well well done guys
minus 2 tanks the beginning of the battle is just super
Well, at least on the that player without
caterpillars with all happens but what for 54
drowned incomprehensibly right bought
from brains no from crazy better
stay away
until the Christmas tree knew about it and the phallus 304
and and here it cuts and falls with her
and of course the war breaks like this
here's a crazy orton decided to go
in flight along with the Christmas tree
the guard of a square-2 here the player is going to see
This gruel shoots and naturally without
information on the go destroys her
Here is the second moment from the same fights sees
player french fri sau even without
sniper mode shoots without light
and destroys it and all friends
thank you so much for watching you hope
This video you liked not
forget to subscribe to the channel and
I like to wish you all the best
best see you soon